Administrator manual:
    This document is the manual for administrators who wish to monitor and adjust work pool.
    You can access the admin control console at "http//18.205.87.91:8080/"

Page Layout:
    -> Button bar (Refresh current page, wipe out everything)
    -> Worker CPU Utilization Table
    -> Manual Scale Up Config Form
    -> Auto Scaling Config Section
        -> Current auto scaling configuration display table
        -> Auto Scaling config form

Detailed explanation:
    1.  Button bar contains 2 buttons for refresh current page and wipe out everything. Clicking refresh current page will
        refresh the current wipe page, therefore, retrieving the latest worker cpu usage information (displayed in Worker
        CPU Utilization table). Clicking wipe out everything button will delete all application data, including all worker
        instances that is not the primary worker instance, images stored on S3 and users, images, auto config setting stored
        on remote database server. Auto scaling config setting will be reset to default which is 20.0, 5.0, 2, 2 for auto
        scale up threshold, auto scale down threshold, auto scale up ratio and auto scale down ratio respectively.
    2.  Worker CPU Utilization Table displays all the workers in the worker pool and their CPU usage. The left most column
        contains the destroy button that will destroy the work in this row (this is the manual scale down feature). Note,
        the primary worker instance can not be destroyed, if you click the destroy button for it, an error message will be
        displayed under the table.
    3.  Manual scale up form is for inputting the number of instances to be created (this is the manual scale up feature).
        When filling the field, please input an integer between (including) 1 and 5. An error message will be displayed if
        the input does not satisfy the requirement.
    4.  Current auto scaling configuration table displays the current setting (retrieved from remote database) of auto scaling.
    5.  Auto scaling config form is used for changing the auto scaling configurations. Scale up ratio and scale down ratio
        should be integers, while scale up threshold and scale down threshold are expected to be float. Also, scale up threshold
        should be always larger than scale down threshold. If any of the requirement is not satisfied, an error message will
        be displayed. After submitting the form, the current auto scaling configuration table will be updated.

Notes:
    1.  After submitting the number of instances to be created in the manual scale up form. There will be a delay on the
        webpage as it takes some time to create the instances and wait for them to be running and healthy in the load balancer.
        The webpage will refresh itself after the process is completed.
    2.  Newly created instances will have a CPU usage of 0 for a few moments (as instance is booting up). Please refresh
        the page (by clicking refresh current page button) after half a minute or so, the cpu usage will be updated.
    3.  Auto scaling checking is running periodically in the background, the period is 2 minutes. For testing auto scaling
        features efficiently, it is recommended to adjust the auto scale up and down threshold to a more "triggerable" range
         to avoid the delays in creating AWS instances interfering with the auto scaling policies. For example, when testing
        the auto scale up feature, adjust the scale up threshold and scale down threshold to 10.0 and 0.1 would make the
        testing very efficient, because the newly created instance won't be auto destroyed since its CPU usage is low upon
        start (as it may bring the overall cpu usage averages of the work pool below the auto scale down threshold). Same
        goes for testing auto scale down feature, making the auto scale up threshold and auto scale down threshold to be
        45.0 and 15.0 will make the testing much visible and more efficient.