User Manual
    This file is used to guide users to be familiar with image uploader website.
    You can access the website at http://ECE1779LoadBalancer-2091637738.us-east-1.elb.amazonaws.com

Structures
    Welcome page
        -> Sign Up
        -> Sign In
    Home page
        -> logout
        -> select image
        -> upload button
        -> thumbnails
    Image Detail PopUp
        -> Original Image
        -> Transformations: MultiShift, Black & White, Sepia
    Successful upload page
        -> return home
    Error page
        -> return home

Detailed explanations:
    1. Welcome page.
        The landing page is a welcome page for the image uploader website where users are able to login in or sign up.
    2. Sign up.
        For those who are new to this website, they have to create a new account by clicking sign up button at the
        welcome page. After that, the sign up window will pop up and users should fill the username, password, repeat
        password and email address to finish signing up to this system. Please note there is a validation on the
        inputted values in password and repeat password field, they must match each other.
    3. Sign in.
        For those who has already signed up from this system, they can directly login in their accounts by clicking the
        sign in button at the welcome page. Password will be validated.
    4.logout.
        Users can logout at the home page after they sign in and they will be directed to welcome page after they logout.
    5. Upload files at home page.
        After signing in on the welcome page, users will be directed to home page where they can upload images to the
        server. Also, previous uploaded images' thumbnails will be displayed on the home page (below the image upload
        sections) as well. In order to upload desired images, users should click select image button to select the
        image they want to upload. Then, click upload button to upload the selected image and there will be a webpage
        to show if it is successfull uploaded. There will be errors when users try to upload the image which has same
        name as they uploaded before. One thing should be noticed is that only jpg and png images can be uploaded and
        users can only upload one image each time.
    6. Thumbnails and three related transformations.
        After uploading the image, a thumbnail of uploaded image will created at the bottom of the home page and users
        can browse thumbnails of their uploaded photos. Moreover, users can see the full resolution version of uploaded
        picture by clicking the thumbnail of the image. A popup window will be displayed and three transformations
        (MultiShift, Black & White, Sepia) will showed on that window as well. Each transformation will be displayed by
        simply clicking the thumbnails of them on the pop up window. Users can return to home page by clicking the
        close icon at the upper right corner.

/test/FileUpload URI:
    This is the URI for automatic image uploading. This URI was implemented exactly according to the requirements listed
    on the project page.

    relative URL = /test/FileUpload
    enctype = multipart/form-data
    method = post
    field1 name = userID type = string
    field2 name = password type = string
    field2 name = uploadedfile type = file